
Weekend 1 Challenge Full Stack
Description
Back to the Future!
Remember our first weekend challenge? It's time to re-visit some old code and bring it up to date with everything you know. This will be an excellent practice run for your next assessment covering Node/Express, AJAX, and SQL.

Full Stack App

Convert your previous weekend 1 challenge application to utilize Node/Express, AJAX, and SQL. Any application logic can remain on the client side, but all data storage should be handled by the server and your database. Make use of Express routing modules to organize your server code. Your application should track salary usage on the page (original Pro Mode) and allow the user to remove this person from the list (original Hard Mode).

If the page is refreshed, it should load and display all stored and active employees.

Hard Mode
No more deleting! When the Remove button is clicked, do not delete this person from the database. Your app should just set them as inactive and not show them on the list. The salary total should account for only active employees.

Pro Mode
Create an interface on the page that would allow you to toggle employees from active to inactive and back. Your salary total should only tally active employees and change as employees are changed.

Original Challenge Instructions

For your weekend challenge, you will need to create an application that records employee records along with their salary. We also want to add the salaries up so we know how much we’re spending each month in salary.

The application should first have an input form that collects: The Employee's First and Last name The Employee's ID Number The Employee's Job Title The Employee's Salary (Yearly)

The form should have a submit button that clears out the form and your logic should store that information. Then, that information should be appended to the DOM so the user of the application can see the information they just entered.

Finally, your logic should calculate all of the employee salaries and report back what the monthly cost of salaries is.

Hard Mode

Create a delete button that removes an employee from the DOM. Note that in hard mode, it need not remove that Employee's salary from the reported total.

Pro Mode

Once the employee is deleted, also update the total spend on salaries to discount the removed employee's salary. This will require that the logic knows which element was removed. You will need to stretch yourself for this one. I also recommend that you look into jQuery's .data() function to help complete this. Note, you will need to do something both when the employee is added and when they are deleted to make your application 'smart'.

Close
